Added rust slices (#3896)
Codecademy/docs: content/rust/concepts/slices/slices.md

---
Title: 'Slices'
Description: 'Slices in Rust act as windows into collections, enabling users to focus on and manipulate specific portions of the data without altering the original collection.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Slices'
CatalogContent:
  - 'rust-for-programmers'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> **Slices** in Rust are references to a contiguous sequence of elements in memory. They allow you to reference a portion of a collection without making a full copy of the data. Slices provide a view into arrays, vectors, or other sequences, allowing you to work with specific parts of the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Slices** in Rust are references to a contiguous sequence of elements in memory. Referencing a portion of a collection without making a full copy of the data is possible through them. A view into arrays, vectors, or other sequences is provided by slices, enabling work with specific parts of the data.
```
We don't use pronouns in docs like you he they them etc..

## Syntax

The syntax for a slice in Rust is represented as `&[T]`, where `T` is the element type.

```pseudo
 let my_slice = &data_structure[start_index..end_index];
```

> Where `data_structure` refers to the chosen data structure, `start_index` denotes the starting point, and `end_index` represents one past the last element of the slice. This syntax is applicable to diverse data structures, enabling the creation of slices from different collections.

Reviewer: Change this to bullet points like this:
- 1
- 2
- 3

## Example

```rust
fn main() {
    let my_array = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
    let my_slice = &my_array[1..4];
    println!("Slice: {:?}", my_slice);
}
```

> The example will result in the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example will result in the following output:
```

```shell
Slice: [2, 3, 4]
```

## Omit Indexes of a Rust Slice

> Slices in Rust provide a convenient way to omit start and end indexes, allowing you to create slices without specifying both or either of these indexes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Slices** in Rust offer a convenient method to omit start and end indexes, enabling the creation of slices without specifying both or either of these indexes.
```
same thing we don't use pronouns.

### Excluding the Start Index of a Slice

> This example illustrates how to create a slice from the start of the array to index 3 (excluding the element at index 3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example illustrates how to create a slice from the start of the array to index `3` (excluding the element at index 3):
```

```rust
fn main() {
    let my_arr = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
    let my_slice = &my_arr[..3];
    println!("Slice without start index: {:?}", my_slice);
}
```

> The example will result in the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example will result in the following output:
```

```shell
Slice without start index: [1, 2, 3]
```

### Excluding the End Index of a Slice

> This Example demonstrates how to create a slice from index 2 to the end of the array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Example demonstrates how to create a slice from index `2` to the end of the array:
```

```rust
fn main() {
    let my_arr = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
    let my_slice = &my_arr[2..];
    println!("Slice without end index: {:?}", my_slice);
}
```

> The example will result in the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example will result in the following output:
```

```shell
Slice without end index: [3, 4, 5]
```

### Excluding both Start and End Index of a Slice

> This example displays the complete slice of the array, including all elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example displays the complete slice of the array, including all elements:
```

```rust
fn main() {
    let my_arr = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
    let my_slice = &my_arr[..];
    println!("Complete slice: {:?}", my_slice);
}
```

> The example will result in the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example will result in the following output:
```

```shell
Complete slice: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
```

## Rust's Mutable Slices

In Rust, the mutability of slices permits the alteration of elements contained within the slice. When a slice is designated as mutable, it enables the modification of values within the slice. The creation of a mutable slice involves the usage of the `&mut` keyword.

### Syntax

```pesudo
let slice = &mut data_structure[start_index..end_index];
```

> ### Example
> 
> ```rust

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Example

The following example demonstrates how to modify an element in a mutable slice. In this case, the second element of the slice is changed from 3 to 10.

```rust
```
The description of the example should be before the code block.

> The following example demonstrates how to modify an element in a mutable slice. In this case, the second element of the slice is changed from 3 to 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates how to modify an element in a mutable slice. In this case, the second element of the slice is changed from `3` to `10`:
```

```rust
fn main() {
    let mut my_vec = vec![1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
    let my_slice = &mut my_vec[1..4];

    my_slice[1] = 10; // Modifying the second element of the slice
    println!("Modified Slice: {:?}", my_slice);
}
```

> The example will result in the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above example will result in the following output:
```

Modified Slice: [2, 10, 4]
```

> This example demonstrates how to modify an element in a mutable slice. In this case, the second element of the slice is changed from 3 to 10.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

---
Title: 'Slices'
Description: 'Slices in Rust are portions of data used to reutilize specific elements within collections or sequences throughout the program.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Slices'
CatalogContent:
  - 'rust-for-programmers'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

**Slices** in Rust are references to a contiguous sequence of elements in memory. They allow you to reference a portion of a collection without making a full copy of the data. Slices provide a view into arrays, vectors, or other sequences, allowing you to work with specific parts of the data.

## Syntax

The syntax for a slice in Rust is represented as `&[T]`, where `T` is the element type.

```pseudo
 let my_slice = &array_name[start_index..end_index];
```

## Example

```rust
fn main() {
    let my_array = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
    let my_slice = &my_array[1..4];
    println!("Slice: {:?}", my_slice);
}
```

> ### Output

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Don't use a subheading called Output as there's no need for it. But add a line before the output shell such as "The example will result in the following output:".

> 
> Where `data_structure` refers to the chosen data structure, `start_index` denotes the starting point, and `end_index` represents one past the last element of the slice. This syntax is applicable to diverse data structures, enabling the creation of slices from different collections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Where `data_structure` refers to the chosen data structure, `start_index` denotes the starting point, and `end_index` represents one past the last element of the slice. This syntax is applicable to diverse data structures, enabling the creation of slices from different collections.
```

```shell
Slice: [2, 3, 4]
```

## Omit Indexes of a Rust Slice

Slices in Rust provide a convenient way to omit start and end indexes, allowing you to create slices without specifying both or either of these indexes.

### Omitting the Start Index of a Slice

```rust
fn main() {

>     let my_array = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    let my_array = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
```
Change this line or the name of the array from all codes as it contains plagiarism.

> **The example will result in the following output:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example will result in the following output:
```
Don't bold any sentence in the content.

    let my_slice = &my_array[..3];
    println!("Slice without start index: {:?}", my_slice);
}
```

> #### Output

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Don't use the Subheading 4 in the content.

```shell
Slice without start index: [1, 2, 3]
```

> This example illustrates how to create a slice from the start of the array to index **3** (excluding the element at index **3**).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example illustrates how to create a slice from the start of the array to index 3 (excluding the element at index 3).
```
Please Add this line before the code so that it describes what to expect from the code.

> **The example will result in the following output:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example will result in the following output:
```

### Omitting the End Index of a Slice

```rust
fn main() {
    let my_array = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
    let my_slice = &my_array[2..];
    println!("Slice without end index: {:?}", my_slice);
}
```

> #### Output

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```shell
Slice without end index: [3, 4, 5]
```

> This Example demonstrates how to create a slice from index **2** to the end of the array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This Example demonstrates how to create a slice from index 2 to the end of the array.
```
Add this line before the code.

> This example illustrates how to create a slice from the start of the array to index 3 (excluding the element at index 3).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example illustrates how to create a slice from the start of the array to index 3 (excluding the element at index 3).
```
Add this line below this heading "Excluding the Start Index of a Slice".

### Omitting both Start and End Index of a Slice

```rust
fn main() {
    let my_array = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
    let my_slice = &my_array[..];
    println!("Complete slice: {:?}", my_slice);
}
```

> #### Output

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> **The example will result in the following output:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example will result in the following output:
```

```shell
Complete slice: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
```

> This example displays the complete slice of the array, including all elements.

Reviewer 2: Add this line before the code block.

> ## Mutable Slice in Rust

Reviewer 2: Contains plagiarism, replace it with an appropriate subheading.

> This Example demonstrates how to create a slice from index 2 to the end of the array.

Reviewer 2: You should add the line describing the program before the code block. Add this line after this heading - "Excluding the End Index of a Slice".

> In Rust, slices can also be mutable, allowing for the modification of elements within the slice.<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Rust, slices can also be mutable, allowing for the modification of elements within the slice.
```

Once the slice is marked as mutable, we can change values within the slice.

> We can create a mutable slice by using the `&mut` keyword.

Reviewer 2: These lines contain plagiarism, please remove the plagiarism.

### Syntax

```pesudo

> let slice = &mut array_name[start_index..end_index];

Reviewer 2: Change the syntax as we can use Slices on other data structures too.

> **The example will result in the following output:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example will result in the following output:
```

```

### Example

```rust
fn main() {
    let mut my_vec = vec![1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
    let my_slice = &mut my_vec[1..4];

    my_slice[1] = 10; // Modifying the second element of the slice
    println!("Modified Slice: {:?}", my_slice);
}
```

> ### Output

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```shell
Modified Slice: [2, 10, 4]
```

> This example demonstrates how to modify an element in a mutable slice. In this case, the second element of the slice is changed from **3** to **10**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to modify an element in a mutable slice. In this case, the second element of the slice is changed from 3 to 10.
```
Add this line before the code block.

> **The example will result in the following output:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example will result in the following output:
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

---
Title: 'Slices'
Description: 'Slices in Rust act as windows into collections, enabling users to focus on and manipulate specific portions of the data without altering the original collection.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Slices'
CatalogContent:
  - 'rust-for-programmers'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> **Slices** in Rust are references to a contiguous sequence of elements in memory. Referencing a portion of a collection without making a full copy of the data is possible through them. A view into arrays, vectors, or other sequences is provided by slices, enabling work with specific parts of the data.

Reviewer 3: All three sentences say the same thing. Consider rewording this part.

## Syntax

The syntax for a slice in Rust is represented as `&[T]`, where `T` is the element type.

```pseudo
 let my_slice = &data_structure[start_index..end_index];
```

- **data_structure:** Refers to the chosen data structure.
- **start_index:** Denotes the starting point.
- **end_index:** Represents one past the last element of the slice.

> > **Note:** This syntax is applicable to diverse data structures, enabling the creation of slices from different collections.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This syntax is applicable to many forms of data, enabling the creation of slices from different collections.

## Example

```rust
fn main() {
    let my_array = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
    let my_slice = &my_array[1..4];
    println!("Slice: {:?}", my_slice);
}
```

The above example will result in the following output:

```shell
Slice: [2, 3, 4]
```

## Omit Indexes of a Rust Slice

> **Slices** in Rust offer a convenient method to omit start and end indexes, enabling the creation of slices without specifying both or either of these indexes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When creating a slice in Rust, one can include both the start and end index or one can include only one of the indexes.
```

This example illustrates how to create a slice from the start of the array to index `3` (excluding the element at index 3):

```rust
fn main() {
    let my_arr = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
    let my_slice = &my_arr[..3];
    println!("Slice without start index: {:?}", my_slice);
}
```

The above example will result in the following output:

```shell
Slice without start index: [1, 2, 3]
```

### Excluding the End Index of a Slice

This example demonstrates how to create a slice from index `2` to the end of the array:

```rust
fn main() {
    let my_arr = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
    let my_slice = &my_arr[2..];
    println!("Slice without end index: {:?}", my_slice);
}
```

The above example will result in the following output:

```shell
Slice without end index: [3, 4, 5]
```

### Excluding both the Start and End Index of a Slice

This example displays the complete slice of the array, including all elements:

```rust
fn main() {
    let my_arr = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5];
    let my_slice = &my_arr[..];
    println!("Complete slice: {:?}", my_slice);
}
```

The above example will result in the following output:

```shell
Complete slice: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
```

## Rust's Mutable Slices

> In Rust, the mutability of slices permits the alteration of elements contained within the slice. When a slice is designated as mutable, it enables the modification of values within the slice. The creation of a mutable slice involves the usage of the `&mut` keyword.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In Rust, when a slice is designated as mutable, the alteration of the elements within the slice is allowed. The creation of a mutable slice is done by using the `&mut` keyword.
```
